[TT-13760] Change defaults: Default secure for Tyk Dashboard admin view (#6047)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/api-management/user-management.md

> ### Admin users
> An *admin* user has full read/write access to all properties. The initial user created during the bootstrapping of the Dashboard is automatically assigned the *admin* role.
> 
> Two configuration parameters restrict the admin user. Both values should be set to `true` for improved security.
> 
> * [security.forbid_admin_view_access_token]({{< ref "tyk-dashboard/configuration#securityforbid_admin_view_access_token" >}}) that restricts admin users from being able to view other users' Dashboard API Access Credentials (in the API and UI).
> * [security.forbid_admin_reset_access_token]({{< ref "tyk-dashboard/configuration#securityforbid_admin_reset_access_token" >}}) which prevents admin users from resetting the other users' access tokens.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Admin Users

An *admin* user has read and write access to all properties. The initial user created during the dashboard's bootstrapping process is automatically assigned the *admin* role.

There are two configuration parameters that restrict the admin user’s capabilities. For enhanced security, both of these values should be set to `true`:

- [security.forbid_admin_view_access_token]({{< ref "tyk-dashboard/configuration#securityforbid_admin_view_access_token" >}}): This parameter restricts admin users from viewing other users' Dashboard API Access Credentials, both in the API and the UI.
  
- [security.forbid_admin_reset_access_token]({{< ref "tyk-dashboard/configuration#securityforbid_admin_reset_access_token" >}}): This parameter prevents admin users from resetting the access tokens of other users.
```
